= sga_fields_synchronizer

Sometimes we have some table fields change frequently, espically for me, we are now building a flash game, there're many characters table, each has many attributes(fields). Game planners 
frequently change them, they send me a excel file or whatever, I have to diff it with the previous one, get the changes, put them into migration file and finnally apply to database.
It takes me much time and it's really a born job. So, I coded this migration generator to save my time.
  
sga_fields_synchronizer is based on a configure file, which defines the table structure, once you have any modification on the table, just edit the yml file, change the column defination, 
or just remove the node (if you intend to remove the column) 

== Installation

gem install sga_fields_synchronizer

== Usage

First, run './script/generate fields_synchronizer init' to copy the configure yml into config/ folder

Second, after you editing the yml file properly, just type './script/generate fields_synchronizer sync' to generate migration file

Third, invoke 'rake db:migrate' to apply the chages

You also can generate migrations excluded specified tables with '--skip-table' option, this will automatically excluded tables you specified. By default, sga_fields_synchronizer will skip table "common_fields".
  
Once you want to apply DRY principle on your cofigure file, just reference the sample yml file.

== Configure file
 
the root node of the configure file is "configs" by convention, so don't remove that node. the subsequent nodes are tables. Each table field is defined as Array, the first element is the translation
the second is the field type, such as string, text, integer, etc. The third element is optional, it stands for column options. 

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 tim.teng. See LICENSE for details.
